Fix mini typos in docs (#958)
alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl: docs/src/machines.md

Here a `vector_of_pairs` is a vector of elements of the form `feature => importance_value`,
where `feature` is a symbol. For example, `vector_of_pairs = [:gender => 0.23, :height =>
0.7, :weight => 0.1]`. If a model does not support feature importances for some model

> hyper-parameters, every `importance_value` will be zero. This kind of access is supported

Reviewer: For consistency with earlier corrections.

```suggestion
hyperparameters, every `importance_value` will be zero. This kind of access is supported
```
